Adding new flag for not having the CosmosIndexingPolicy override. (#33171)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-spring-data-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### 3.32.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added

> * Added a new flag `overwritePolicy` to `CosmosIndexingPolicy` that when set to false will allow the user to not overwrite the policy defined in the portal - See [PR 33171](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33171)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new flag `overwritePolicy` to `CosmosIndexingPolicy` that when set to false (by default it is true) will allow the user to prevent the Indexing policy in Portal to be overwritten by the Indexing Policy defined in the SDK  - See [PR 33171](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33171)
```

> * Added a new flag `overwritePolicy` to `CosmosIndexingPolicy` that when set to false (by default it is true) will allow the user to prevent the Indexing policy in Portal to be overwritten by the Indexing Policy defined in the SDK  - See [PR 33171](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33171)

Reviewer 2: Default should be false - also needs to be documented in breaking change section

### 3.33.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added

#### Breaking Changes

> * Added a new flag `overwritePolicy` to `CosmosIndexingPolicy` that when set to ture (by default it is false) will allow the user to overwrite the Indexing policy in Portal using the Indexing Policy defined in the SDK. This will affect users who change the Indexing Policy they have defined on the container and want that to overwrite what is in portal, you will now need to set the flag `overwritePolicy` to true for this to happen. - See [PR 33171](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33171)

Reviewer 2: ture -> true

Reviewer 2: Please add some motivation why we did the breaking change. Theo might be able to help - he has worked with one of the CX being severely hit by the previous behavior.

Author: Done.

#### Features Added

#### Breaking Changes

> * Added a new flag `overwritePolicy` to `CosmosIndexingPolicy` that when set to true (by default it is false) will allow the user to overwrite the Indexing policy in Portal using the Indexing Policy defined in the SDK. This will affect users who change the Indexing Policy they have defined on the container and want that to overwrite what is in portal, you will now need to set the flag `overwritePolicy` to true for this to happen. The reason we have added this breaking change is that allowing overwrite of an existing indexing policy is considered too risky to be a default behaviour. The risk is that you may be removing indexes through multiple indexing policy changes, and in that case the query engine may not provide consistent or complete results until all index transformations are complete. So we are changing the default behaviour so that users must opt in to overwriting the indexing policy that exsits. - See [PR 33171](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33171)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a new flag `overwritePolicy` to `CosmosIndexingPolicy` that when set to true (by default it is false) will allow the user to overwrite the Indexing policy in Portal using the Indexing Policy defined in the SDK. This will affect users who change the Indexing Policy they have defined on the container and want that to overwrite what is in portal, you will now need to set the flag `overwritePolicy` to true for this to happen. The reason we have added this breaking change is that allowing overwrite of an existing indexing policy is considered too risky to be a default behavior. The risk is that you may be removing indexes through multiple indexing policy changes, and in that case the query engine may not provide consistent or complete results until all index transformations are complete. So we are changing the default behavior so that users must opt in to overwriting the indexing policy that exists. - See [PR 33171](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/33171)
```
